Clarify return value of Promise.prototype.catch() (#31032)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/catch/index.md

### Return value

> Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}}. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. It's eventually rejected if `onRejected` throws an error or returns a Promise which is itself rejected; otherwise, it's eventually fulfilled with the current promise's fulfillment value.

Reviewer: What's "the current promise's fulfillment value"? Do you mean "the resolved value of what `onRejected` returns"? If `onRejected` is called at all, it means that the current promise rejected and there's no "fulfillment value".

```js
Promise.reject(2).catch(() => {}).then(console.log) // undefined
Promise.reject(2).catch((x) => x).then(console.log) // 2
```

Author: You're right: my wording is still not clear. I meant to say that when the current promise (should we say "original promise"?) is fulfilled with some value (onRejected is not called), the returned promise will resolve to the same value. But I missed mentioning that when the current promise is rejected, the returned promise will resolve based on onReject behavior.

I think we should break-down the current "otherwise" into two:

```suggestion
Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}}. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onRejected` is called, the returned promise will resolve based on the return value or thrown error of this call. If the current promise fulfills, `onRejected` is not called and the returned promise fulfills to the same value.
```

> Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}}. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onRejected` is called, the returned promise will resolve based on the return value or thrown error of this call. If the current promise fulfills, `onRejected` is not called and the returned promise fulfills to the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}}. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onRejected` is called, the returned promise will resolve based on the return value of this call, or reject with the thrown error from this call. If the current promise fulfills, `onRejected` is not called and the returned promise fulfills to the same value.
```
